h2. ScalaInterpreterPane

h3. statement

ScalaInterpreterPane is a Swing component for editing code in the Scala programming language and executing it in an interpreter. The editor component is based on JSyntaxPane. ScalaInterpreterPane is (C)opyright 2010-2011 by Hanns Holger Rutz. All rights reserved. It is released under the "GNU Lesser General Public License":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaInterpreterPane/blob/master/licenses/ScalaInterpreterPane-License.txt and comes with absolutely no warranties. To contact the author, send an email to @contact at sciss.de@

h3. requirements / installation

ScalaInterpreterPane currently compiles against Scala 2.9.1. The repository contains a project file for Intellij IDEA 10.5 CE, and project files for xsbt (sbt 0.11). Standard targets for sbt:

* @clean@
* @compile@
* @doc@
* @package@

To install the dependancy on JSyntaxPane v0.9.5-b29 ( "code.google.com/p/jsyntaxpane":http://code.google.com/p/jsyntaxpane/ ), run @sbt update@ once before compiling.

Note that it is currently not possible to run using @sbt run@. Instead, you will need to use the provided shell script @run.sh@.

h3. download

Note: ScalaInterpreterPane has now releases in the scala-tools.org repository; the following entry in your sbt project should give you the possibility
of automatic download:

@val scalaInterpreterPane = "de.sciss" %% "scalainterpreterpane" % "0.18"@

In any case, the current version can be downloaded from "github.com/Sciss/ScalaInterpreterPane":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaInterpreterPane

